This is a Python-based web app that I hacked together* to use as a
backdrop for a band that I played in.  The page as-is shows a giant
fireball and plays an explosion sound effect, when triggered.

In order to make this work, I needed to be able to trigger it from the
stage.  So, I hacked up* an iPhone web app that sends an AJAX request
to the server, which then sends a message to all HTTP clients that are 
waiting for it.

I wasn't sure of the best way to send asynchronous messages from
server->client, and frantic Googling wasn't turning up results quickly
enough, so I just had the page make an AJAX request to my Python web
server, which then waits to respond until it receives a trigger
request.  When the page receives the response, it starts the audio
and video.

Turns out it worked pretty well!  Naturally, I noticed that the latency
between my trigger tap on my iPhone and the arrival of the fireball
varied depending on what network the client and trigger-phone were on.
It was nigh-instantaneous on the U-M campus WiFi and my home WiFi, but 
at the church where I performed the song, there was about a 600-700ms
delay from tap to boom - which works out to about two quarter notes at 
180 beats per minute.  Just enough time for me to stop playing, tap,
and then get back into it.

There's going to be a video of this in action; I may come back and 
update this when that makes it to YouTube.  Just for funsies.

Requirements:
  Server:
  - Python
  - Twisted (http://www.twistedmatrix.com/)

  Client: (these are included)
  - JQuery (http://www.jquery.com/)
  - JPlayer (http://www.jplayer.org/)

Usage:
  1) Start up the server (main.py).
  2) Point your browser at http://(server):(port)/
  3) Point your phone at http://(server):(port)/control_mobile.html
     (tested on iOS 5.1.1; probably works on other mobile browsers
      that fire the 'touchstart' event.
     Alternatively, you can use /control.html , which uses onclick.
  4) Tap the screen.  It should flash from black to red to black.
     (red means the request was sent; black again means it was acknowledged.)
  
  The video and audio should play.  (boom! *fwoosh* oooh, ahhh)


* - emphasis on HACKED.  I'm pretty new to these areas, and I just
    wanted to get it working quickly, so I haven't yet gone back to Do
    It Right.  Then again, it might not be too far off, as JQuery and
    JPlayer make it pretty straightforward to do some of the tricker
    bits.  It's defintely unpolished, though.  I figured it would be 
    cool to share, though, since it was fun to put together, it added
    a bit extra ROCK to our performance, and maybe it saves someone
    somewhere some time.

The page includes a video and a sound effect as examples.
  Fireball video is from here:
    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8ipjZyxcXY

  Bomb sound effect is from I don't remember where.

  It'd be easy enough to swap them out for your own if you wanted.
